CJ Entertainment Presents
Co-Presented by
Kookmin Venture Capital
Conceived by Chungnyun Film
Co-Production Seoul Movies
A Myung Film Production
Starring
CHOI Min-sik
CHUN Do-yeon
and JOO Jin-mo
Cameo Appearance by JOO Hyun
Director of Photography
KIM Woo-hyung
Lighting Director
PARK Hyun-won
Production Designer
KIM Sang-mahn
Editors
KIM Hyun & KIM Yong-soo
Sound Effects by KIM Seok-won
Music by CHO Young-wook
& KIM Kyu-yang
Line Producer
PARK Soon-hong
Co-Producer
JUN Chang-rok
Co-Executive Producer
PARK Moo-seung
Executive Producer
SEOK Dong-jun
Produced by LEE Eun
Screenplay & Directed by JUNG Ji-Woo
Come on in
Was someone here?
No
Happy End
Do it to me
Do it to me now!
You have a great body
I can't forget you
I hate to be alone. You know
Hey. haven't you had enough?
Uh-huh...
Look. Why don't you finish up?
This is not a library you know
Geez... This is a business
You're wearing a suit.
for God's sake!
This isn't a charity
Where do I put this?
- You change your mind?
- Yes
No good?
Well... It's closer to a mystery
story than a love story
I'm sure you know
But a real love story.
it's so sad it breaks your hear
Now that stuff is really good
Ah. picky...
Oh well. life's always that way
Here. let me see
Go straight to the middle
You know. in the middle & on
the right. where the high school
books are all stacked up
Yes
If you take 4 steps over.
the mystery books are all there
Put it over there
Yes. Sir
And that book you were
looking at before
You're just going to buy that one?
You're not going to
buy the one you've been
looking at all this time?
I think I have to read
it a little bit more
You've almost finished
the whole thing anyway
Too bad there's no chair.
your feet must hur...
Oh. Mr. Seo! I forgot
It's past Yun's feeding time.
let me feed her
That's okay.
I'll do it when I get home
It'll only take a minute...
Alright. sweethear
Wait. just a moment...
Are you Min-ki?
LEE Mi-young?
You're Mi-young. right?
You live here?
Yeah... I've been living
here for a few months
- You live here. too?
- Yeah
What apartment? Oh!...
- Is that your boy?
- No. it's a girl
I've been living
here for a few years
I'm in apartment ♪909
- Really? Small world...
- I guess so
Introduce me to
your husband sometime
Okay...
We should have dinner together
- Here?
- Thank you
This is my son. Ji-woon
Say hello now
- Hello!
- Oh. he's very handsome
Just a second...
Daddy's going to get your milk
- Wait...
- Stop...
Give me this picture!
God! You have more pictures
of me than I do...
What's this?
It's something you wrote
You've been keeping
it all these years?
You know.
I've never taken off the ring
So you can come to my place
when I'm not there
Is that you?
What time did you get in?
Let's talk later
Oh. you're hungry...
It's time to feed now...
Here's delicious milk...
My baby. my sweet baby...
Stop cooking and let's eat
We were discussing investment
problems for the business
Sorry. I came in late
What did you do all night?
What's wrong with your voice?
I think I over did it
at the karaoke bar...
You don't want your milk. sweety?
Thank you for applying
to Sehwa Group
Please enter your
application number
We're sorry
You've not been accepted this time
"We at Sehwa Group hire qualified
applicants every..."
Why don't you
take a look at this one?
There was this writer that
used to live next to me.
he dumped a bunch of books
when he moved...
There are a couple of
romance stories here
A writer. selling his books...
Geez
What's this?
Oh. this one
Who wrote this...?
What Money...
Min-ki!
- What's item ♪17?
- Mushrooms
- Which one looks best?
- All three look fine to me...
I think plaid really
looks good on you
Since you got home
first you could've
picked up the baby.
you know...
Sweet baby...
Seo's residence
Hello. Hello?
- Who was it?
- Prank call
Come here sweethear...
Did you miss your daddy?
I know that it's wrong
for me to do this
I know that there's no time for me
to complain like this. too
People are huring.
but like an idiot...
I try to calm myself.
but I can't
Honey. could you
turn down the TV?
I wanted it that way...
But I knew that it wouldn't
work out in the end...
You chose me to make time
for the two of us. right?
Would you turn it down!
Even though we lost this chance.
don't do anything rash
Who is it?
Hello? Hello?
Honey?
What's the matter with you?
The soap opera is
that interesting?
What are you. a housewife?
I told you
I was expecting a call!
And why don't you look after
the baby when she cries!
Why don't you
take care of her?
I'm working now
Why do you have to
bring work home?
What? I work at home
because I have to
You think
I want to work at home?
And I have to watch
the baby. too?
Hello? Yes... just a moment
It's for you!
Hello? Yes
Hey. are you watching it?
I can't help but cry
Those kids should be happy
Should we call the station?
Hello?
Is it a bad time to talk?
Yeah. a little
I understand if you
take it easy for a while
But isn't this
just too much?
You're not even working
on your resume. are you?
Say something...
The water's boiling
What?
I go out and earn money
If you really want to
stay home all the time.
then it's your job
to watch the stove
Do you know which store has
the best juice prices...
Or which store has the best bread?
And what time it is freshly baked?
Hate to think about it. don't you?
You know you hate it.
so why don't you star working again?
Why are you sitting there
acting like a loser?
Bo-ra! You don't have to remind me
that you make money and I don't
So? I don't know
what's wrong with you
You just keep buying used books.
keep going to Pagoda Park
to read all day
Hey. watch it!
Why are you picking on my hobbies?
What's more.
it's not called Pagoda Park.
it's called Tapkol Park!
Ouch! Wait. my head...
Is it Okay?
You like it?
You know what I like
about sex with you?
You're gentle
What am I. a volunteer?
Gentle?!
Because they learn directly
from a native speaker.
the children aren't
afraid of foreigners.
Plus they have fun...
Wouldn't you say?
If you say "circle." the children
don't really understand
But if you cut out
a circle with a pair of
scissors. then.
to them it's a circle itself
It becomes a circle
"Donggurami" is a "circle."
"Kawi" are "scissors."
and "Jareugi" is "cutting"
They learn English this way
without using Korean
They just learn the words
as "circle" and "scissors"
Well. let us think about it
a little more.
and then we'll make a decision
Alright. Oh. and this is the
web designer for our institute
I forgot to mention this...
- Hello
I missed one thing
We send children's progress reports
by e-mail every week
You use the Internet. don't you?
Don't smile at everyone
- Yes?
- Mr. Seo is here
- What?
- He's waiting in the lobby
- Just tell him to wait...
- Yes
- I'm not finished here yet
- Okay
I don't think we can
have dinner today
Anyway...
Say hello to my husband
- Care for some tea?
- No. thanks
What are you doing here?
The children are all gone
Are you finished here?
You know him. don't you?
This is KIM Il-beom
Hello. it's been a while
Nice to see you
I heard a lot about you
You've been very helpful. apparently
No. I always get claims
So... shall we have dinner?
What do you think?
II-beom. what do you think?
Oh... I have an appointment
Oh. that's too bad
You seem tired recently...
You always take your shoes
off at the office?
Geez. you could be
a taxi driver
Oh. the brake pads have worn out
When was the last time
you changed them?
Well. they seem fine to me...
Women tend to use the brakes more.
so the pads wear out faster
I said it's fine!
If you go to a small garage.
it'll cost around $20
It'll be about $25
at the auto repair shop though
You're such a banker. you know
Are you going or not?
Watch the road. the road!
I won't be too late
Open up! Open up!
Open the door you bastard!
Why don't we go out
for some noodles?
I came here because I wanted
to see you again... Look!
What happened to your key?
I promise I'll bring it
next time...
Ouch... It hurt!
Let me take a look
- How many do you need?
- Give me ten
Resume
Don't leave me... Bora.
please...
Toll Gate Receipt
Why didn't you answer...
I was worried
Are you sick?
Are you alright?
There's nothing I can do for you
You know that
Have I ever asked for anything?
When did we star seeing
each other again?
I love it when I come here
I feel so free
Why?
Something wrong?
- Why did you buy the toothbrush?
- Toothbrush?
That new toothbrush over there!
Why did you buy it?
I just did...
Get up. please
I told you the first time
I came to your place...
That it would be best if there
was nothing of mine here
Okay. I got you! I heard you!
Now get up!
I can use your stuff.
like I am just a friend
I don't want you
to get hur again
I'm okay. Forget it
What are we going to do?
What should we do?
Um. this smells funny...
Are you tired?
CHOI Bora
Bora. are you
enjoying your life?
Oh. this soup is really good
Do you want some?
Good? Good? Good...
Wait. are you feeling okay?
There are no romance novels there
They're over here
That's the mystery section now...
Baby's gonna wake up soon
I prepared her milk.
so you can just heat it up
I'm leaving now... Aren't you even
going to look at me? Bye. then
Bora! CHOI Bora!
You think. they can live
until we arrive in Seoul?
Yes. of course
Thank you
- Goodbye now
- Goodbye
KIM Seo-yun
What the hell were you thinking?
Did you open it?
I thought we should
star preparing...
Just take it home
if it bothers you...
What's this...
I gotta stop this...
Forget about it. Bora
- Need any help?
- Just watch
If you want to.
you can set the table...
Ooh. sweethear. you ate a lot
didn't you? Such a good girl
Should we raise Yun
to become a singer?
She cries so magnificently
I've been acting a little crazy
these days. didn't I?
I've had a lot of things
on my mind
But it's OK now
Everything's completely cleared up
I... our Yun...
I'd be happy if you were
a good mother for our baby
How about I get a loan
and star a business?
And the money?
Well... we could
morgage the apartment
Fine... Who knows.
might beat being a salary man
I could use the rest of
my pension money...
Yes. Seo's residence... Hello?
Yes. this is a household...
- Who was it?
- He asked if it's a photo studio
I took a message for you...
Someone passed away
They took him off the respirator
this morning
They said you know him
Yes. Seo's residence...
Hello? Hello?
Give me your keys
I'm going to the auto center
Bye...
- Hello...
- How can you do this to me?
Hey! Do you have any idea
what you're doing now?
I'm pissed off. too!
You think you can
just kick me out of
your life like that?
I can't understand how you
can dump me so easily
Let's talk later... Later!
What's really on your mind?
What you told me at my place.
what was that?
It's not that...
Have you been drinking?
You're drunk. aren't you?
You...
Bora. I need just time
to for a coffee
Please don't do this...
I can't just leave my daughter here
- You can bring her with you
- Listen!
So what are you going to do?
I'm in front of your apartment
You... You've completely lost
your mind...
OK. Just 30 minutes
There's a cafe called "Tower"
in front of the apartment...
No. no... That's too close
Go out of the gate and
then you'll see a cafe
called "La Vie en Rose"
on your left
Wait there for me
Go right now!
I know I shouldn't do this...
But I can't pull myself together
What should I do?
Don't do this to me...!
I just don't understand you
Didn't you make up your mind when
you took off your wedding ring?
This might be our last chance
Get a grip on yourself! Look.
I'm a wife and a mother!
I know. but you told me
in the hospital when Yun was born...
That our daughter is beautiful
Our daughter!
You're crazy!
Really crazy!
Since when did she have a fever?
A few hours maybe... Doctor.
I'm afraid I don't know...
- Did she consume anything strange?
- I'm afraid ants got into her milk
Ants? Take her blood test and make
sure she gets plenty of fluid
Yes. doctor
- Il-Beom. shall we die together?
- Why not...
Since we often see this kind of fever
convulsions in infants.
Take her home for now.
and I'll refer you to
a pediatrician tomorrow
Go... Go now...
Hello? Yes. this is
the English institute
But...
The director is out right now
Yes... Just a moment. Yes.
go ahead. Yes... Ah. Taegu?
Coming back right after the
funeral? Yes. got it. Goodbye
If he was a teacher.
he must have been nice...
But he just suddenly died?
God. even people our age
can't be safe
Do you have insurance?
I got cancer coverage
2 years ago when my uncle died
They guarantee
the principal. too
You pay them
in monthly installments
And it gets deducted
automatically.
so you don't even
have to bother with it
Mi-young. go over to the west side
station. would you?
- Hello...
- You did it. didn't you?
- Ah. it's you. Bora...
- Didn't you put the pictures here?
- What pictures?
- Our pictures are...
I don't know
what you're talking about...
Hello? Hello?
Hello? Hello? What is this?
What are you talking about? Bora!
Bora!... Bora!
Bora!... CHOI Bo-ra
Didn't know Bora was here...
No. this is my house!
Do you understand?
No. You can't
Let me go! You bastards!
My wife is dead...!
Sons of bitches! Let me go.
let me go!
This is my house!
He forced off the ring
and broke her finger
- Are you alright?
- Yes...
Sorry. It's par of my job
to ask you questions
after something like this
Where were you on the day of the
incident from 2AM to 5AM?
Sorry. but I need
to ask you a favor
I can't get in touch
with Bora since last night
Yun's still at the playhouse.
and I called them...
So could you please
take her milk and diapers to
"the playhouse this morning? Thanks
I'll call later..."
On average. how many
times per month did
you two engage in
intimate relationship?
Then I go
How many time a month
you go out with her?
Sex...
Did you engage in
sexual intercourse
with her on the day
of the incident?
What are you looking at?
Fucking bastard... Fuck...
Sign the deposition here
That exercising your right
to remain silent can be
disadvantageous to you
I know how hard it is. When my wife
was hospitalized years ago.
I had to watch the kid alone
I never had to do anything
so hard in my life
How are you gonna raise
the baby all by yourself?
Anyway. thanks
They might ask you to come in again
to confirm a few more things
- Finish up now
- Okay. So long then...
- Who's that?
- I am coming to check the gas!
Bora